area exploration:
  Camera will follow player's first character. Encounters appear from nowhere
  Each area will follow the theme it was given to determine where the player is
menu:
  Has party info, can sort order, change items, use items, and quest list
  info will appear as a detailed list from left to right, character's detailed sprite, current health, attack, defense, speed, intel
  items will be a detailed list with multiple sections (weapons, consumables, key items) that will show the name and stock count (key will not show stock count)
    The current selected item will show details on the lower screen with a symbol, name, description, and item stats
    Selecting the item will ask you whether to use(if consumable), equip(if weapon),discard, or cancel.
      It will then show the list of your current characters and ask which one to use/equip it to.
  Quest list will have a list of the the player's accepted quest.
    The list will just show the name
    Selecting one will show the quest description, who assigned it, and the location
  
npc dialog and interaction:
  The world will still appear with the game sprites. A box will appear on the bottom with the dialog. 
    Important npcs will have a detailed sprite to show significance with the particular emotion they would convey
    Player characters will not have dialog and will remain silent
    
Battle:
  Each battle is a 1v1 and each side can switch between characters. Left side will show the player's chosen character and the right side will show the opponent's chosen character
    Both sprites will have the detailed sprite with both facing each other. They will convey emotions based on health (calm-worried-anger)
  A bottom box will have the choices for the player on what to do(attack, defend, switch, item, run)
    Each button will be stacked on one another on the bottom left side leaving the middle and right side open
    Selecting attack will add boxes to the right which will show the attack moves
    Selcting items will show the list of consumables. Each will show the name and item stock. A dialog box on the right appears that shows the item details
    Selcting switch will show other characters. It will show the character name, sprite, current health, and level. A dialog box will show the character stats
  After the choices is finalised, the buttons will disappear and a dialog box will appear with both sides' actions and results.
  Health will be on top of the character's sprite as a bar
  
    

    
