Strike: Goes straight into combat
. Striker: each attack gets weaker but faster the more used.  (+++)
    System: converve attacks, promote play for prefered play
    Basic: Meele Attack (after X attacks, a blade falls off)
    1: Callback (All fallen blades return)
. Hunter: Tosses spear that damages any in its way. Requires pickup. (++)
    System: large clearing, promotes getting up close to recover health
    Basic: Long Range Throw (unable to attack until picked up, recovers previous health when picked up)
. Merc: Can use enemies as shields and charge (+++)
    System: get up and close, promotes grabbing to heal
    Basic: Short range buckshot
    1. Grab (Enemy shield heals when attacked)
    2. Charge
    
Caster: Casts away, weak when close
. Wanderer: Has companion dog. Based on companion's health (++)
    System: Helps aid from afar. Calls to not help when low on health
    Basic: Long Range Aim
    1. Set Target (sets comapanion to go at last shot)
    2. Call Back (calls companion back to heal)
    3. Settle (allows for attack)
. Elemental: spawns energy balls that can be turned to aoe damage (+++)
    System: Use of careful attack and smart placement
    Basic: Slow moving ball
    1. Transform (does aoe to fired balls)
. Techno: fires beam that does aoe on facing direction. (+)
    System: Great for clearing waves up close but calls to watch your own status
    Health based on energy count, recovers over time
    Basic: mid range beam
    1. Beam (heats up causing more use of energy)
    2. Cooldown 

Tank: Lots of health
. Warden: has 9 sets of lives. Each one lost gives him a boost (+)
    System: goes close to do damage and promotes losing to be more powerful
    Basic: Meele Swing
  1. Break Case (loses life for stronger lost boost)
. Cranker: Stacks up damage the more you attack (+)
  Health based on ammo count
    System: Promotes constant action, but calls to be careful about wasting
     Basic: mid range fire 
. Pilot: Fires rockets. Fuelled machine that uses fuel for movement and attack
    System: Good for clearing waves from afar. Promotes careful placement to heal
    Health: Based on fuel count. 100 when out of fuel
    Basic: Fire rockets
    1. Refuel (Set fuel to makes stops action)
    

Support: aids team
. Jumper: heals allies and gives temporary boost (++)
  System: Promotes allies to get injured to get boost
  Basic: Short range lightning (heals allies and harms enemies)
. Dealer: Gives allies extra temporary health but drains and harms normal health (+)
  System: Promotes support and aid but careful in not overusing heals
  Basic: Mid Range 6 round
  1. Deal (gives extra health to allies)
. Floral: casts vines that stun and heal allies (+++)
  System: Personally aid allies but cooperation between the two
  Basic: Mid range Vine (drains enemy health and heals allies but limits their movement)
