Fist day:
  Phil: Partner:
    -Hey. Does the messenger work for you?
      responses: yes, no, yep, yeah, nope
      if(first letter y:) yes: great! Wonderful! I'm going to be showing you the ropes on your first day.
      else: haha good one. I'm going to be showing you the ropes on your first day.
    -Okay. So looks like you got your computer and messenger up and running. Do you understand the other programs?
      responses: yes, no, yep, yeah, nope
      if(first letter n:) Okay. So you have your email. This is more for general information from NSEA. We generally don't use it since it's more convient to use the messenger. 
                          Then we have the web browser. NSEA is very strict on employees getting off task, but we got our admins to give us sites since most of our job is boring.
                          Then there's the Rover program you are being paid to use. Try opening it up and i'll show you how it works.
      if(first letter y:) okay great. I'll show you the rover program. Open it up. You have it open?
      responses: yes, no
      if(no): it's the icon with a little robot on it. Click it. You have it open yet?
      loop: yes, no
        if(no): come on, I know we're litterally paid to sit, but come on. , Seriously, open it.
          if(count > 10):That's it. I'm contacting HR. You're useless. (FAILED)
    -So the rover program is what we use to control the many rovers we have on mars. The arrows on your keyboard control the camera to move left and right. 
        The p key is for taking a picture. Scientist may ask us to take a picture at a certain angle, which is what that number below is for. The images will save on your doc drive.
        You can send an image with the messenger by attaching the file with paper clip icon. Let's try it out. Send me a picture at 37 degrees.
      if(picture = 37): great! Now you got it.
      loop(not 37): not quite there. Make sure the angle is 37 degrees. Nope try again.
         if(count > 10):That's it. I'm contacting HR. You're useless. (FAILED)
    - Well that's honestly about it. I guess you can play around with the Rover until the rest of the day. Welcome to NSEA where we're paid to take pictures of rocks.
    -Leaves chat.
  Boss:
    -Hey, so Phil said he showed you the ropes. How did he do?
      if(good): Great.
      if(bad): Hmmm. I'll talk to Phil. You'll be connecting with other analyst from other stations so I guess you could ask them or ask Phil if you have questions.
        (Phil will know)
      if(weird): Yeah. He gives that feel to a lot of people, but he doesn't do anything wrong and does good work. 
    -Okay, so we really don't have much to do today. I guess you can try getting used to the Rover program. Welcome to NSEA!
      if(thanks): No problem!
      
